Replace MD5 with MurmurHash3_128 in SPMI (#78527)
dotnet/runtime: THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.TXT

of this Software are embedded into a machine-executable object form of such
source code, you may redistribute such embedded portions in such object form
without including the above copyright and permission notices.

License for MurmurHash3
--------------------------------------

> MurmurHash3 was written by Austin Appleby, and is placed in the public
> domain. The author hereby disclaims copyright to this source code: 
> https://github.com/aappleby/smhasher/blob/61a0530f28277f2e850bfc39600ce61d02b518de/src/MurmurHash3.cpp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://github.com/aappleby/smhasher/blob/master/src/MurmurHash3.cpp

MurmurHash3 was written by Austin Appleby, and is placed in the public
domain. The author hereby disclaims copyright to this source ```

This matches the format used in other entries.

of this Software are embedded into a machine-executable object form of such
source code, you may redistribute such embedded portions in such object form
without including the above copyright and permission notices.

> License for MurmurHash3 (https://github.com/aappleby/smhasher)

Reviewer: We do not need the whole smhasher test suite. We can just reference the specific file that we need and that is under a different license:

https://github.com/aappleby/smhasher/blob/master/src/MurmurHash3.cpp#L2-L3

Author: Thanks, updated, let me know if it needs better wording
